gh-150319: Replace all documentation which says "See PEP 585" (#150325)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-future.rst

   implementations can inject their own optimized implementations
   of a Future object.

>    Futures are :ref:`generic <generics>` over the type of their return value.

Reviewer: Would "result" be better here? "Return value" isn't a phrase used anywhere in the documentation above this sentence, whereas "result" is. `Future` has lots of methods that have return values.

```suggestion
   Futures are :ref:`generic <generics>` over the type of their results.
```

Author: Yeah, `result` better fits not only with asyncio but also with the language used around other kinds of futures (e.g., `concurrent.futures`).
